Adding TaskViaRoleArn property documentation (#518)
org-formation/org-formation-cli: docs/task-files.md

| CloudFormationRoleName           | string                                                                                                                                                                                          | Specifies the name of the IAM Role that must be used to pass to the CloudFormation service. A role with this is expected to exist in the target account (and have the right AssumeRole permissions).                                                                                |
| TaskRoleName                     | string                                                                                                                                                                                          | Specifies the name of the IAM Role that must be used for cross account access. A role with this is expected to exist in the target account (and have the right AssumeRole permissions).                                                                                             |

> | TaskViaRoleArn                   | string                                                                                                                                                                                          | Specifies ARN of the IAM Role that will be assumed before assuming role specified by the `TaskRoleName`. This role is expected to exist in the target account (and have the right AssumeRole permissions).                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| TaskViaRoleArn                   | string                                                                                                                                                                                          | Specifies ARN of the IAM Role that will be assumed before assuming role specified by the `TaskRoleName`. This role is expected to have the right AssumeRole permissions, but does not have to exist in the target account |
```

Reviewer: thanks! the `TaskViaRoleArn` however does not have to exist in the target account. added a suggestion

Author: When you say it does not have to exist, do you mean ofn will create it if it does not exist? In other words, what happens if `TaskViaRoleArn` is specified, but role with the specified ARN does not exist?

Reviewer: right, what i meant: does not have to exist in the target account. can exist in a different account, but must exist.
maybe its better to just drop that bit. i updated the suggestion. thanks!

Author: I agree, it is best to remove that wording.
